doc: add Ks signalling section (#302)
DGEXSolutions/osrd-website: content/docs/railway-wiki/signalling/spacing/ks/_index.en.md

- the overlap beyond the next signal has also been cleared by the preceding train
- the preceding train is secured by a stop signal
- on lines with bidirectional traffic, the train must additionaly be protected against any potential opposing movements

{{< figure src="/images/docs/railway-wiki/signalling/ks-signalling/fixed_block_distance.png" width="740px" >}}

## Signal control length and overlap principles
The control length of a signal refers to the section of track beyond the signal that must be verified as clear and safe before the signal can be set to proceed.

The **overlap** - a predefined safety margin - extends beyond the actual block section. Its primary function is to provide additional protection in the event that a train fails to stop at a signal displaying "stop".

A signal must remain at "stop" until the entire control length ahead is confirmed to be unobstructed. The clearing point for a signal corresponds to the end of the control length associated with the signal located behind it.

{{< figure src="/images/docs/railway-wiki/signalling/ks-signalling/signal_control_length.png" width="740px" >}}

### Selective Overlaps

> When selective overlaps are available (only at exit signals and intermediate signals) different overlap options can be chosen during route setting. These alternatives may vary in length or lead into different track sections.

Author: For DB: exit and intermediate signal can only be in stations by definition. So I think this is not necessary.

Once the signal has been cleared, the selected overlap cannot be changed without first cancelling the route.

> If a shorter-than-standard overlap is selected, the signalling system will reduce the train's speed accordingly.

Author: I added the table with the standard overlap lengths depending on the speed in the overlap section. I think this would be double then.

---
title: "Ks Signalling"
linkTitle: "Ks Signalling"
weight: 30_000
---

> The Ks-system (Ks = Kombinationssignal; engl: combination signal) is a german signalling system introduced in 1994 by Deutsche Bahn (DB). It is meant to replace the old H/V- and Hl-system. 

Reviewer: I would add a few details to explain why this system was created.
```suggestion
The Ks-system (Ks = Kombinationssignal; engl: combination signal) is a german signalling system introduced in 1994 by Deutsche Bahn (DB) in order to create a common system for East Germany (old Hl system) and West Germany (old H/V system).
```

Author: I will add it

*The following paragraphs are mainly based on Pachl(2024), Railway Signalling Principles, Edition 3.0, p.20-30.*

## Block Section Principles
Railway lines are segmented into sequential block sections, each designed to be occupied by only one train at a time to ensure operational safety.

> To maintain a safe distance between to trains, the separation must account for the following components:

Reviewer 2: `two`

- the braking distance of the following train,
- the full length of the block section,
- an additional block-extension safety margin, referred to as the overlap

Block sections are delineated by main signals, which regulate train entry based on specific safety conditions. A signal may only be cleared for a train to enter a block section if all of the following criteria are met:

- the preceding train has vacated the block section in question
- the overlap beyond the next signal has also been cleared by the preceding train
- the preceding train is secured by a stop signal
- the switches for the route to be set must be locked in the correct position
- on lines with bidirectional traffic, the train must additionaly be protected against any potential opposing movements

{{< figure src="/images/docs/railway-wiki/signalling/ks-signalling/fixed_block_distance_signal_control_length.png" width="740px" >}}

## Signal control length and overlap principles
The control length of a signal refers to the section of track beyond the signal that must be verified as clear and safe before the signal can be set to proceed.

> The **overlap** - a predefined safety margin - extends beyond the actual block section. Its primary function is to provide additional protection in the event that a train fails to stop at a signal displaying "stop". The overlap begins at the destination signal and ends at a prominent point. Depending on the speed at which the train approaches the stop signal, different lengths of overlaps must be provided. The length of the overlap is monitored by track vacancy detection systems like axle counters.

Reviewer: `destination signal` is more accurate, but I find it unclear because it can mean several things to me. However, it may just be a case of language abuse from me, so we can keep it like that if you find it's better :)

Furthermore, in what case do we have an extended block section ?

| speed [km/h] | overlap [m] | 
|-----------|-----------|
| 60 < v <= 160 | >= 200 |
| 40 < v <= 60 | >= 100 |

> | v <= 40 | >= 50 |

Author: @bougue-pe is correct. 

If you want to know how it is computed I could add it. But there will be special cases again and I am not sure if adds extra value or just makes it more complicated
